# General
All information in the "Book of Trees" is taken from Wikipedia and the Minecraft wiki.

Images used by the Bonsai Trees mod are listed here (trees from data packs excluded):


# Acacia

- Thennicke, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/Acacia_baileyana_3%2C_Canberra_ACT.JPG
- Pharaoh han, CC BY-SA 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Acacia_retinodes_MucBotGard.jpg
- Krzysztof Ziarnek, Kenraiz, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/Acacia_dealbata_kz09.jpg


# Birch

Apanasevich Maxim, CC BY 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/Betula_genus.jpg

Wilde Natur, CC BY-SA 2.0 DE <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/de/deed.en>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/DosenmoorBirken1.jpg

Radomił Binek, CC-BY-SA-3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Betula_raddeana_RB2.JPG


# Cherry

SLIMHANNYA, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/%E3%82%AB%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B6%E3%83%B3%E5%85%A8%E4%BD%93.jpg

Degueulasse, CC BY 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Weeping_cherry_tree_in_Daianji_elementary_school_02.jpg

Suguri F, CC BY-SA 3.0 <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Sakura_yu.jpg


# Dark Oak

Hopefully Acceptable Username, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/Brockwell_Oak_%289%29.jpg

FoeNyx, CC BY-SA 3.0 <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/Quercus_robur.jpg

The original uploader was Snowmanradio at English Wikipedia.(Original text: snowmanradio), CC BY-SA 2.5 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/Baginton_oak_tree_july06.JPG


# Oak

Jakec, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons

David Hill, CC BY 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d8/Acorns_small_to_large.jpg

Bruce Marlin, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/Oriental_Beech_Fagus_orientalis.jpg


# Mangrove

Ariefrahman, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Sonneratia_alba_-_Manado_%282%29.JPG

Peripitus, CC BY-SA 3.0 <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/Pneumatophore_overkill_-_grey_mangrove.JPG
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/Saltcrystals_on_avicennia_marina_var_resinifera_leaves.JPG


# Azalea

Peachbird, CC BY-SA 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/AzaleaFestivalNezuJinja.jpg

Jud McCranie, CC BY-SA 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/George_Taber_azalea.jpg

SarahRMadden, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Mini_pink_azaleas_in_Maryland.jpg


# Jungle / Dipterocarpaceae

Martin Püschel (user Spreesprotte), CC BY-SA 3.0 <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/Kabark-Tree_Taksin_Maharat_NP.jpg

Mike Prince from Bangalore, India, CC BY 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/Dipterocarp_Forest_at_Danum_Valley_%2813997709808%29.jpg

RaiyaniM, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/72/Pemanjat_Pohon_Damar.jpg


# Spruce

Basotxerri, CC BY-SA 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/Obernberger_See_-_Landschaft_-BT-_01.jpg

The original uploader was MPF at English Wikipedia., CC BY-SA 3.0 <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/Picea_abies.jpg

Simon A. Eugster, CC BY-SA 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/Picea_abies_Nadelkissen.jpg